Indices (#40)
AetherModel/Aether: CONTRIBUTING.md

python3 -m pip --user cpplint
```

> Using a linter in an editor is good too, although it has been found that these are not as good.  The linter in the 'atom' editor is ok, but you have to install the packages `linter` and `gcc-linter`. In atom, you can install the packages `whitespaces` and `tabs-to-spaces` to automatically remove whitespaces at the end of the lines, and convert tabs to spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a linter in an editor is another good option, although its may have employed different linting standards.  It may also require that you install additional packages.  For example, the linter in the `atom` editor depends on the `linter` and `gcc-linter` packages for basic linting and the `whitespaces` and `tabs-to-spaces` packages to automatically remove whitespaces at the end of the lines, and convert tabs to spaces.
```

Reviewer: Needs to be broken up so that maximum line length is 79 or 80 (don't recall what we decided on).
